hey everyone it's Sunday March 19th and
been a little over I think two weeks
since the last video posted so it was
figured it was finally about time now
that the weather had gotten a little
nicer and I planted a few things
actually today but we got just got some
bad rain storms recently in Georgia and
a little bit of frost too so I didn't
want to play anything that was gonna
have to cover or bring inside so I had
think seven or six yeah that that I had
up and I replanted the zucchini which
had gotten all tore up and then i also
got eggplant and another another set of
peppers so this probably looks slightly
larger than the last couple videos from
a few folks who have subscribed and i
had had no idea saying get any
subscriptions on this but I got a bunch
and thanks for everyone for subscribing
and watching I've never grown anything
in my life and so you know vegetables I
would had no idea that people were going
to watch and comment and especially the
upside down variety which is kind of a
little bit a little bit different so
yeah so thanks thanks everyone but what
kind of do a quick rundown of what's
what's new pretty much just the eggplant
i have here if I wanted to get one but
couldn't find any of the stores that
looked that looked any good so you know
it's it's brand new it's tiny but
hopefully you know it starts growing
rather quickly this is yellow squash
which I planted all new they got all got
tore up in some of the storms and rain
we had about three maybe three weeks ago
and then the zucchini these two actually
survived a third died but I didn't plan
another one I figured we'll leave too
and I don't need to put another one in
there jalapenos on the Left banana
peppers on the right these to me don't
look like they've they've changed really
whatsoever I got to check the last video
and kind of compare they've gotten a
little longer and they've cooked kind of
upwards towards the Sun so obviously
they're you know they're definitely
growing and trying to to grow upwards so
this one here is one with my cilantro
it's red yeah this is my red bell pepper
and we'll kind of pull it down a little
bit out enough you can see any of the
balls and flowers or whatever that are
right there that are starting to grow
but this one's kind of doing a little
bit better the
the biggest one and I guess why most
people do tomatoes is the yeah the
tomatoes are growing pretty good this
one is husky cherry red and I think this
is my first one where I have a little
tiny fingernail-sized tomato so
obviously they're growing and apparently
I'm not doing anything extremely wrong
better boy hybrid tomato here and then
this one's heatwave I don't know
anything about it other than ah there's
a there's a little fuzzy inchworm our
caterpillar that is that's kind of crazy
he must be a he's protecting apparently
my heat wave tomatoes from my god only
knows what but got some flowers on these
other ones they're pretty big at least
in what I consider big from where from
where they started out so yes so pretty
happy with that and these are new as of
today giant marconi I think is how you
say there are sweet pepper and
apparently pretty good for grilling so
hopefully yeah hopefully that turns out
well the tomato plant that fell and died
a horrible death is now planted well not
replanted but this is a new one and
basically instead of hanging it again
gave myself room for putting you more
peppers in the eggplant I put this one
in in a pot or well obviously a bucket
but just to see how well it grows in
comparison to the ones kind of upside
down it's not too scientific of an
experiment as you know they're not grown
didn't start at the same time as this
one was just planted actually a couple
days ago but this one's actually I it's
night and day from when I planted it I
think wednesday or thursday maybe to
where it's grown today so it's noon it's
doing really well the soil actually I
gotten this one is different than some
of the soils I initially planted it's
all it's still the same miracle-gro
moisture control but the ones i
originally it was not the potting soil
type and i didn't notice one of the
mistakes or not really mistakes but just
things i didn't even think about was
getting potting soil when putting them
in in pots and the finally got potting
soil which is in like the new ones like
the eggplant the peppers i planted today
and then that one down there but mostly
i don't think there's any difference
other than weight and it is so so much
lighter add that one tomato plant fall
and it probably i mean probably still
would have because I screwed it into a
a broken piece where I was already
cracked on the wood but but it's like
it's literally night and day for though
for the wait on these things it's so
much lighter probably maybe not
necessarily half but pretty close to
about half the weight it seems when
these things are hanging up I put down
my strawberries they didn't need to
heavy hanging in the first place I kind
of did it originally just for for
aesthetics and since I wanted to put up
I didn't have another hug to hang both
of both of these and so I had to take
the head to take the strawberries down
which is fine they can just sit on the
ground anyways and I'll cut off the
wires and all the hanging stuff probably
later on tomorrow but yeah that's pretty
much what's going on things are kind of
growing slowly but the weather is
finally going to start hitting constant
70s and in sunshine we were in a pretty
much a huge drought still here in
Georgia and it's nice to get the rain so
so the summer hopefully won't won't be
too bad one last final thing that isn't
related alt upside down hanging
vegetables but this is a raspberry plant
bush I don't know if it's a bush or
whatnot but anyways whats going to put
in a pot because I heard you could do
that that way didn't have to dig a hole
in the hard Georgia clay which is it's
pretty tough to get into and actually
there was some some stone underneath
that I had to bust through as well but I
just read that one if you dig a big
enough hole it's it's fairly deep I mean
it's a good two and a half feet deep
this way it can make sure that it gets
gets the roots all the way down there
but anyways I stuck it in red to put it
pretty close to a fence give it
something to kind of grab onto once it
starts growing but we'll see what it
produces as I've heard not all of these
produce in the first year and I think
it's a fall it's a fall producer so it's
going to go through all summer probably
without any raspberries but anyways put
in the corner looks okay not really sore
thumb but but yeah so I'll dub probably
update again in a couple weeks hopefully
things will be growing a little bit
quicker now my the only thing that's
growing really fast for me is is my mint
and it's grown tremendously since it
finally got a little bit warmer and the
first like two weeks i had to die I
thought it was dead because it wasn't
growing at all it wasn't Brown or
anything but it just wasn't it wasn't
getting any bigger so so yeah so I'll
update you guys in a couple weeks and
keep the comments suggestions coming and
hopefully you guys maybe if anyone else
is doing it
we post the videos and let me know and
I'll subscribe subscribe two years as
well so we'll catch y'all later see ya